Auto-deploying manifest lacks relevant info (#3266)
rancher/docs: content/k3s/latest/en/advanced/_index.md

# Auto-Deploying Manifests

> Any file found in `/var/lib/rancher/k3s/server/manifests` will automatically be deployed to Kubernetes in a manner similar to `kubectl apply`, also file changes. Be aware that file deletions are being ignored and you do need to do this manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any file found in `/var/lib/rancher/k3s/server/manifests` will automatically be deployed to Kubernetes in a manner similar to `kubectl apply`, both on startup and when the file is changed on disk. Deleting files out of this directory will not delete the corresponding resources from the cluster.
```
